1. As a user, I want browse questions. 

2. As a user, I want to view a question and its answers. 

3. As a user, I want to view the replies to a question or answer. 

4. As an author, I want to make questions. 

5. As an author, I want to answer questions by making an answer. 

6. As an author, I want to reply to questions and answers to clarify things. 

7. As an author, I want to attach a picture to my questions or my answers.

8. As a sysadmin, I do not want the pictures to be large (> 64kb).

9. As a user, I want to sort questions by if they have pictures.

10. As a user, I want to sort questions by date or some scoring system. 

11. As a user, I want to upvote the questions of other users. 

12. As a user, I want to upvote the answers of other users 

13. As a user, I want to see the most upvoted questions and most upvoted answers. 

14. As a user, I want to see how many answers a question has received. 

15. As a user, I want to search for questions or answers. 

16. As an author, I want my device to remember which questions I asked.

17. As a user, I want questions and answers that I read or questions and answers that I've indicated I want to read, to be locally cached so I can read them when I am not on the internet.

18. As a user, I want to explicitly save some questions as favorites. 

19. As a user, My favorites and their replies should always be available to me regardless of network connectivity.

20. As an author, I want to author replies, questions and answers offline.

21. As an author, I want to push my replies, questions and answers online once I get connectivity. 

22. As a user, by default, I should see the most fresh comments.

23. As an author, I set my username.

24. As an author, I want to be asked if my location should be attached to my post

25. As a user I want to be able to query for posts (questions/answers/replies) that are near to me

26. As an author, I want my geolocation to come from my GPS, or allow me to set to it.

27. As a user, I want to know if the location or post is near city or town or country.

